denovo28	No blast hit	None	None
denovo201	No blast hit	None	None
denovo13	No blast hit	None	None
denovo99	No blast hit	None	None
denovo70	No blast hit	None	None
denovo76	No blast hit	None	None
denovo164	No blast hit	None	None
denovo61	No blast hit	None	None
denovo131	No blast hit	None	None
denovo137	No blast hit	None	None
denovo52	No blast hit	None	None
denovo180	No blast hit	None	None
denovo190	No blast hit	None	None
denovo103	No blast hit	None	None
denovo45	No blast hit	None	None
denovo44	No blast hit	None	None
denovo196	No blast hit	None	None
denovo112	No blast hit	None	None
denovo32	No blast hit	None	None
denovo218	No blast hit	None	None
denovo161	No blast hit	None	None
